# Thursday 6-30-2016 Pahlka Posse Meeting Agenda

### Kickoff @ 12:00

 * 12:05-12:10:  Introductions
   *  If we have new members: Name/Module/Why Pahlka
   *  If not: How did your last mod end/How are you feeling about new mod?

 * 12:10-12:20:  Review: proposed meeting schedule/structure for module
    * Schedule
        *  Mon after wrap up: Student Support (Tommasina will lead coordination)
        *  Thurs lunch: alternate work/social (Sonia to lead social)
        *  Friday afternoons: worktime (Project leads coordinate (pending decision on second project: Kerry, Ryan, Sonia, Thom)
        *  Discuss: 2 scheduled Sat or Sun sessions, each member attends 1?
    * Discuss availabilty of each member

 * 12:20-12:40:  Discuss: goals for Neighborhome for  module

     * What can/should we accomplish this module on Neighborhome
     * What will it take to accomplish those goals (time, resources, other)
     * What is a reasonable timeframe for each goal?

* 12:40-12:55: Discuss: pros/cons of taking on an additional project?  Can we mitigate the cons; how?

    * Why we proposed the possibility of a second project
    * Decide: Go/no-go on additional project

* 12:55-1:00:  Next steps

  *   Tomorrow - Dan - guest speaker, then "regular" meeting.  
  *   Other...


## Notes: 

* We're looking through NeighborHome and deciding whether or not we want to continue that. 
* Patrick proposes that he is always open for questions on the slack channel bc ppl might not have particular problems set aside on Monday.
* We're going to assign mentors to Mod 1 students. 
* Thursdays are alternating work and social.(going to Denver eats next week) 
* Working until 5 on Fridays(key work time)
* Everybody commited to attending at least one out of the two weekend meetings
* If you can't see your mod 1 mentee simply ask another Pahlka member to cover for you

#### On Neighborhood App
* Kerry suggests that we implement the Zillow neighborhood database and that we update the maps accordingly
* Tommasina suggests that we push to implement the public transit information. 
* Tommasina suggests getting feedback from potential users 
* The use of waffle cards has been proposed in order to solve disorgnization when approaching a project
*  Andrew proposes that we tell people what they are going to work on the night before actually working on said thing 
*  Ilana would like to see better pull request notes and comments  
*  One plausible solution to the disorganization is to have assigned teams speacializing in one particular section 
*  Taking care of dividing people in their appropriate sections tomorrow 

#### Oon Potential New Project
* discussed the potential of contributing to an existing open source civic tech project. 
* Sonia suggested that we continue to maintain the good documentaion of NeighborHome and how it works -- How can we explain it to Mod 1 students?
* We're just sticking with NeighborHome 
