# Friday 07-01-2016 Pahlka Posse Meeting Agenda

### Kickoff @ 2:15
 
 * 2:15-3:15 - Guest Speaker
 
 * 3:15-3:35 - Ask Thom or Kerry to go through the Neighborhome Repo on GH
  * Show us the site as it currently exists
  * Outline the specific sections of the project
  * Introduce Project lead(s) and Section lead(s)
  * Members choose their section of choice
  * Identify the areas that still need work
        * Bug fixes?
        * Refactoring?
        * New code?
          * What features need developing
        * Outreach to get feedback from actual users
        
 * 3:35-3:45 - Section leads meet with their groups to plan next steps 
 
 * 3:45-4:00 - Wrap-up, go to Group Retro
 
 * 4:00-5:00 - OPTIONAL: Reconvene to begin work on sections


## Notes: 
* Walking through the app: 
  * Can input three location that are most important to living comfortably and their maximum rent-- they get the three top locations highligthed a different color.
* Where the most logic heavy things live: 
  * Neighborhood Analyst.
   * using google api for travel times not for actual mapping
   * using mapbox for mapping 
   * Uses the GoogleService class that is in the Services directory of the App directory
   * Using JSON parse to parse through the data from google pertaining to the travel times. 
   * Wanting to add testing to Neighborhood Analyst(refactoring and improving the transit are also parts of the work-load for this section.
   * Neighborhood Analyst will be used specifically for travel times. 
   * Affordability analyst will be very similar but used for affordability.
* JavaScript files within Assets directiory deal with map rendering. 
 * potentially adding comments within files in order to help new developers to the project
 * Second group would deal with mapping affordability layer. 
 * DO NOT OPEN THE DENVER_NEIGHBORHOODS.JS FILE WITHIN ASSETS unless you know what you're doing 
* fourth group could deal with user experience (user interface type stuff-- developing frameworks)
 * a potential responsibility of their is to look the separate front-end stuff that were developed during the civic hackathon. 
 * We should have a DTR as a cohesive group.  
  * Establish set git workflow 
  * Potentially introducing the concept of users 
   * users could store thier favorite places
   * users would provide an easy segway into adding more pages to add to the improvement of the user experience.
   * 
   

* Maps: 
 * Karina 
 * Deb
 * Chase
 * Marina (maybe)
* User Experience: 
 * (pending)
* Refactor of Neighborhood Analyst: 
 * Sonia (or Affordability): 
 * Tommasina (or Affordability)
* Afforability Analyst 
 * Kerry (or refactor)
 * Thom (or refactor)
